doc:  fix metric guide (#332)
kurator-dev/kurator: docs/content/en/docs/fleet-manager/metric-plugin.md

1. Kurator metric depends on [Thanos](https://thanos.io), [Object Storage](https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/storage.md/) is required for Thanos. In the task, [Minio](https://min.io/) is used, setup by the [installation guide](/docs/setup/install-minio).

> 1. Running following command to attach cluster secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Running the following command to create two secrets to access attached clusters.
```

```console
kubectl create secret generic kurator-member1 --from-file=kurator-member1.config=/root/.kube/kurator-member1.config
kubectl create secret generic kurator-member2 --from-file=kurator-member2.config=/root/.kube/kurator-member2.config

> ```

Reviewer: After L38 we can also explain that what we have installed by creating the fleet
